add resource "azurerm_data_protection_backup_instance_postgresql" (#12220)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/data_protection_backup_instance_postgresql.html.markdown

  redundancy          = "LocallyRedundant"
}

resource "azurerm_data_protection_backup_policy_postgresql" "example" {
  name                            = "example-backup-policy"
  resource_group_name             = azurerm_resource_group.rg.name
  vault_name                      = azurerm_data_protection_backup_vault.example.name
  backup_repeating_time_intervals = ["R/2021-05-23T02:30:00+00:00/P1W"]
  default_retention_duration      = "P4M"
}

resource "azurerm_data_protection_backup_instance_postgresql" "example" {
  name     = "example-backup-instance"
  location = azurerm_resource_group.rg.location
  vault_id = azurerm_data_protection_backup_vault.example.id

  database_id      = azurerm_postgresql_database.example.id
  backup_policy_id = azurerm_data_protection_backup_policy_postgresql.example.id
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Backup Instance PostgreSQL. Changing this forces a new Backup Instance PostgreSQL to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The location of the source database. Changing this forces a new Backup Instance PostgreSQL to be created.

> * `vault_id` - (Required) The id of the Backup Vault where the Backup Instance PostgreSQL should exist.. Changing this forces a new Backup Instance PostgreSQL to be created.

Reviewer: _minor_ but this can become:

```suggestion
* `vault_id` - (Required) The ID of the Backup Vault within which the PostgreSQL Backup Instance should exist. Changing this forces a new Backup Instance PostgreSQL to be created.
```

  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.rg.name
  vault_name          = azurerm_data_protection_backup_vault.example.name

  database_id       = azurerm_postgresql_database.example.id
  database_location = azurerm_resource_group.rg.location
  policy_id         = azurerm_data_protection_backup_policy_postgresql.example.id
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Backup Instance PostgreSQL. Changing this forces a new Backup Instance PostgreSQL to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Backup Instance PostgreSQL should exist. Changing this forces a new Backup Instance PostgreSQL to be created.

* `vault_name` - (Required) The name of the Backup Vault where the Backup Instance PostgreSQL should exist.. Changing this forces a new Backup Instance PostgreSQL to be created.

* `database_id` - (Required) The ID of the source database. Changing this forces a new Backup Instance PostgreSQL to be created.

* `database_location` - (Required) The location of the source database. Changing this forces a new Backup Instance PostgreSQL to be created.

> * `policy_id` - (Required) The ID of the Backup Policy.

Reviewer 2: lets be explicit
```suggestion
* `backup_policy_id` - (Required) The ID of the Backup Policy.
```
